README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.


# Netflix GPT
 - Created a new app using vite by npm create vite@latest
 - configures tailwindcss
 - Header
 - Routing of APp
 - Login form
 - SIgn up form
 - Form Validation
 - useRef Hook
 - firebase setup
 - deploying our app to production
 - create sign up user account
 - Implement signin iser api
 - created redux store with userSlice
 - Implemented Sign Out
 - Update Profile api call
 - fetch movies from tmdb


 # Features
-Login/Sign up
    - sign in/ sign up form
    - redirect to browse page

-Browse (after authentication)
    -Header
    - Main Movie
        -Trailer in Background
        - Title and description
        - Movie suggestions
                - MoviesList * N

-Netflix gpt
   - search bar
   - movie suggestions


- rafce- react arrow function component export

Commit message:

TMDB API data fetch && built MainCointainer

README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.


# Netflix GPT
 - Created a new app using vite by npm create vite@latest
 - configures tailwindcss
 - Header
 - Routing of APp
 - Login form
 - SIgn up form
 - Form Validation
 - useRef Hook
 - firebase setup
 - deploying our app to production
 - create sign up user account
 - Implement signin iser api
 - created redux store with userSlice
 - Implemented Sign Out
 - Update Profile api call
 - bugfix: sign up user displayName and profile picture update
 - Bugfix: if the user is not logged in redirect/ browse tologin page and vice-versa
 - unsubscribed to the onAuthSTateChanged callback
 - Add hardcoded values to the constants file
 - register tmdb api & create an app & get access token
 - get data from tmdb now playing movie list API.
 - custom hook for now playing movies
 - created movieSLice.
 - update store with movies data
 - planning for mainContainer & secondary conatiner
 - fetch data for trailer video
 - update store with trailer video data
 - embeded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
 - tailwind classes to make main container look good


 # Features
-Login/Sign up
    - sign in/ sign up form
    - redirect to browse page

-Browse (after authentication)
    -Header
    - Main Movie
        -Trailer in Background
        - Title and description
        - Movie suggestions
                - MoviesList * N

-Netflix gpt
   - search bar
   - movie suggestions


- rafce- react arrow function component export
